dedicate to this hour
the fan
welcome to the late fan
one of the best opinion programs of the regional telepacific channel
hector fabio useche counted in the ventilator tevé a hugo salas
what are your aspirations of your dreams in front of the Cauca valley
doctor hector fabio useche must have thrown like this
this after beating 2 9 nights
how you read you would run now as a candidate for governor of the
valley the project cano
I have shown that table that affection remember that they their secretary
I had the opportunity to be in the 42 municipalities
and giving aid knowing the heartfelt need of the small white people and there as
a friendship of a knowledge and the Cauca Valley
so one year July 25 approximately
hector fabio useche was secretary valley health went through his mind
that a year later I was going to be a candidate for the governorship of the valley, I added
I believe that
remember that the crossing was hospital manager level 1
between the facts was mayor by popular vote subsequently
departmental secretary isiah has thought about the time that is a team that
always brought and more when I saw that day so much felt need of the
community so much need felt the people touch him in the councils
community with the governor with carlitos work group where people
he felt aguilar where people followed veto with a leadership
where help does not arrive
where practically the people in that case the people the center and north are
I felt that next to the government does not have a participatory budget and that
for the north by the center it takes the hours then that's what has
motivated peter foyo you targeted louwe profession
performance in his career now that he retired the governorship by retired
the best of the government was caused towards nobody believes that he fled post of
new government
I then in the second was accepted
I dedicated myself to work in my dental office to do this social work and
I always have, I've never given my office in the film
preparing the truth that his study of the department of Valle del Cauca bolt el
territory has always bitched me cebichito promised the opportunity and that
I do not live I reiterate that portfolio of candidates in the generation of
already presented very mature people very adult people and I think the opportunity to
we touch them this moment
that emulates opportunity a generation in a generation d the crossing that 37 years
of age where he has known where they have already seen a life
I believe that yes enough prepared
doctor useche what is the proposal you have to create the affairs office
religious elaboration of the valley
that's why the churches
we have the same happiness, Christ, we start with something important
the churches who have taken the first important step to address issues of
values ​​family we will articulate with all so that with their experience in
those giving resources for that work we play tackle the entire Cauca Valley
so that we transacted values ​​I told him at the level of education
teachers more than teaching to read and write more than teaching to add to
pray we transacted in values ​​to these young people so that they were countess of 15
and 16 years old isabella high school know that killing is bad know what to steal evil
the girl knows that if she lets herself handle her body and fondle her, she will not find
clear consequences you have to be very important the best set the shoemaker the
vigilant that is a humble job
but with depth with values ​​and in a professional a material doctor or a
chemical that has nothing values ​​and that on the contrary hurt the
society
what we have done we will not be inviting more often than the fan
prepare to go
Lamela meet the Valle del Cauca government proposal welcome the
fan thank you very much
We were born more than 89 years ago, we are pioneers in recreation of the headquarters of
tennis tournaments nationally and internationally
13 clay tennis courts and a multiple court tennis courts
soccer gyms pools where will be located five we offer school of
tennis for young children and adults also coming soon
night telephones with 5 52 99 88 and 6 82 21 15 in pampanito